# CSS
The JOBAD CSS consists of two files, both of which can be found in the `css` directory. 
The file `JOBAD.css` contains essential styles which should not be changed by the user. The file `JOBAD.theme.css` contains colors and other design elements which may be changed by the user.

The following css classes are available. 
## General
* `JOBAD` - a class applied to all JOBAD elements 
* `JOBAD_Ignore` - add this class to any element to make JOBAD ignore it (even if it is visible). 
* `JOBAD_Notice` - add this class to any element to make JOBAD notice it (even if it is hidden). 
* `JOBAD_InlineIcon` - an inline icon. 
## JOBAD Hover
* `JOBAD_Hover` - applied to Hover Tooltips 
* `JOBAD_Sidebar_Hover` - applied to Hover Tooltips generated by the sidebar 
## JOBAD Contextmenu
* `JOBAD_Contextmenu` - applied to the context menu. 
* `JOBAD_ContextMenu_Radial` - applied to the radial context menu
* `JOBAD_ContextMenu_RadialItem` - applied to applied to radial context menu items 
## JOBAD Sidebar
* `JOBAD_Sidebar_Wrapper` - wraps the element that has a sidebar 
* `JOBAD_Sidebar_Container` - contains all sidebar notifications 
* `JOBAD_Sidebar_right` - applied to the JOBAD Sidebar aligned to the right
* `JOBAD_Sidebar_left` - applied to the JOBAD Sidebar aligned to the left
* `JOBAD_Sidebar_Group` - applied to sidebar groups
* `JOBAD_Sidebar_Single` - applied to elements in the sidebar which are not grouped
* `JOBAD_Sidebar_group_element` - applied to elements of a sidebar group 
* `JOBAD_Notification_$CLASS` - applied to the notification class given by $CLASS. Available by default are: `error`, `warning`, `info`. 
## JOBAD Folding
* `JOBAD_Folding_Wrapper` - wraps the element that is being folded 
* `JOBAD_Folding_Container` - contains the folding bar
* `JOBAD_Folding_folded` - applied to the JOBAD Folding container when it is folded 
* `JOBAD_Folding_unfolded` - applied to the JOBAD Folding container when it is unfolded 
* `JOBAD_Folding_right` - applied to all Foldings which are aligned to the right
* `JOBAD_Folding_left` - applied to all Foldings which are aligned to the left 
* `JOBAD_Folding_Spacing` - a spacing element inserted after every folded element to create some space 
## JOBAD Config UI
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI` - applied to the JOBAD Config UI
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI_tablemain` - The main table of the configuration UI
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI_infobox` - The box containing all information about a module 
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI_subtabs` - Applied to the tabs which are in every module information
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI_ModEntry` - An entry in the table containing a module
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI_MetaConfigTitle` - The title of a configuration setting. 
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI_MetaConfigDesc` - The description of a configuration setting. 
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI_validateFail` - a configuration setting that failed validation
* `JOBAD_ConfigUI_validateOK` - a configuration setting that passed validation
## JOBAD Repo
* `JOBAD_Repo` - applied to JOBAD repo pages
* `JOBAD_Repo_Body` - applied to an element which contains the JOBAD repo body. 
* `JOBAD_Repo_MsgBox` - applied to the message box on repo pages. 
* `JOBAD_Repo_Title` - applied to the repo title on repo pages. 
* `JOBAD_Repo_Desc` - applied to the description on repo pages. 
* `JOBAD_Repo_Table` - applied to the table of all modules on repo pages. 
* `JOBAD_Repo_NA` - a span element which shoudl be filled with not available text
* `JOBAD_Repo_Dependency` - a JOBAD repo dependency entry. 
* `JOBAD_Repo_Dependency_Found` - applied to dependencies which are found in the current repository. 
* `JOBAD_Repo_Dependency_NotFound` - applied to dependencies which are not found in the current repository. 
* `JOBAD_Sort_Ascend` - applied to a span element which should be filled with a sorted ascending text. 
* `JOBAD_Sort_Descend` - applied to a span element which should be filled with a sorted descending text. 